Ingredients:
Marinara Sauce
2 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil
1 small onion, finely chopped
Onions Yellow/ Brown
4 cloves garlic, minced
2 cups chopped plum tomatoes, with juices
6 oil-packed sun-dried tomatoes, drained and finely chopped
½ teaspoon salt
½ teaspoon freshly ground pepper
2 tablespoons chopped fresh basilBurgers
1 pound 93%-lean ground turkey
¼ cup finely chopped scallions
2 teaspoons minced garlic
2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce
1 teaspoon freshly grated lemon zest
½ teaspoon dried oregano
½ teaspoon freshly ground pepper¼ teaspoon salt
½ cup shredded part-skim mozzarella cheese, divided
2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh basil
2 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil
44-inch-square slices foccacia bread, (about 2 ounces each), toasted

Preparation:
To prepare marinara: Heat 2 teaspoons oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat.
Add onion and garlic, cover and cook, stirring frequently, until translucent, 5 to 7 minutes.
Stir in fresh tomatoes and any juices, sun-dried tomatoes, ½ teaspoon salt and ½ teaspoon pepper.
Bring to a simmer and cook, stirring occasionally, until the tomatoes have broken down, 8 to 10 minutes.
Stir in basil and remove from the heat.
Transfer to a food processor and pulse to form a coarse-textured sauce.
Return to the pan and set aside.
To prepare burgers: Place turkey, scallions, garlic, Worcestershire sauce, lemon zest,
oregano, ½ teaspoon pepper and ¼ teaspoon salt in a large bowl.
Gently combine, without overmixing, until evenly incorporated. Form into 8 thin patties about 4 inches wide and ⅜ inch thick.
Combine ¼ cup cheese and basil and place an equal amount in the center of 4 patties.
Cover with the remaining patties and crimp the edges closed.
Heat 2 teaspoons oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat (see Grilling Variation).
Add burgers and cook, turning once, until an instant-read thermometer inserted in the center registers 165°F, 8 to 10 minutes total.
Warm the marinara on the stove.
To assemble the burgers, spread 3 tablespoons of marinara on each toasted focaccia,
top with a burger, about 3 more tablespoons of marinara and 1 tablespoon of the remaining cheese.
Grilling Variation: To grill the turkey burgers, preheat a grill to medium-high.
Oil the grill rack (see Tip). Grill the patties,
turning once, until an instant-read thermometer inserted in the center registers 165°F, 8 to 10 minutes total.
Make Ahead Tip: Cover and refrigerate the marinara sauce (Step 1) for up to 5 days.
Tip: To oil the grill rack, oil a folded paper towel, hold it with tongs and rub it over the rack.
(Do not use cooking spray on a hot grill.) When grilling delicate foods like tofu and fish,
it is helpful to spray the food with cooking spray.